Add `cuda::device::warp_match_all` (#4746)
NVIDIA/cccl: docs/libcudacxx/extended_api/warp/warp_match_all.rst

.. _libcudacxx-extended-api-warp-warp-match-all:

Warp Match All
==============

``warp_match_all``:

.. code:: cuda

    template <typename T>
    [[nodiscard]] __device__ bool

>     warp_match_all(const T& data, uint32_t lane_mask = 0xFFFFFFFF)

Reviewer: Q: wouldn't it make sense to set the `lane_mask`'s default value to `::__activemask()`?

The functionality provides a generalized and safe alternative to CUDA warp match all intrinsic ``__match_all_sync``.

> The function allows to exchange data of any data size, including raw arrays, pointers, and structs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function allows bitwise comparison of any data size, including raw arrays, pointers, and structs.
```

Reviewer: What about mentioning that this is a bitwise comparisons and users should be careful when comparing data structures with padding and unitialized members?

**Parameters**

> - ``data``: data to exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``data``: data to compare.
```
